I know I shouldn't be surprised Kyle
given it took you 3 years to make a
screwdriver but really 2 years and
$5,000 to plan and build a table that
not this
table this table
oh Kyle set out with a simple goal to
use his engineering knoow and amd's
money to build the world's most powerful
gaming table one computer not enough two
computers sounds good
All That Remains is to see if we can get
through the rest of this without killing
each other you cut this one the tubing
kind of looks can you be less of a
downer what it's AMD $55,000 ultimate
Tech upgrade baby roll the
[Music]
intro guess who's back guys it's AMD
with another chance to win a sick
giveaway they're giving away three of
their ryzen 8700g processors all you've
got to do is head to our Twitter at the
link down below thanks again to AMD for
sponsoring this series before we build
the table I need to see how much stolen
goods there is here now you planned for
me to be in this room so obviously
there's not going to be anything here no
there's no stolen stuff in my house
canned goods huh yes my wife and I used
to can a lot um we've stopped is that a
euphemism four you stopped when you got
married I guess no when we had kids did
I miss something am I getting old this
area is like kids Central mate um it's
my kid was the first product tester for
that thing realistically though I'm not
upset about this what I'm upset about is
that engineering sample don't see the
ABCs of gaming it's in the kids bedroom
cuz we read it to them every night
before they go to sleep you do
that this used to be like Lego
Dimensions all the way across there all
my PS2 games PS3 PS4 Wii games um but
now it's just kids stuff so you see
there is hope you noticed he has a wife
right what am I missing every single jab
you do see my wife got it but like
Elijah gets it I freaking what do you
mean there's hope is this at all plasma
yes wow so I had a choice of building
two computers or upgraded the TV I
haven't won a TV in the last three
Christmas parties and I'm hoping to win
a TV at some point it does the job as
1080p so my sound system is I think a
Best Buy special it's Precision order I
I wouldn't swear by it it produces sound
it's definitely not stolen from work
yeah I mean our company didn't exist
when that TV came out realistically I
wasn't going to find anything until the
tech Corner fiber optic display port
cable AMD paid for it oh oh it's part of
okay it's part of the upgrade there's no
way that you're not over your allocation
of screwdrivers hold on this is the
second one that was made stol in it no
that's a test thing how can I make the
screwdriver and not you don't even work
in this department to us I specifically
put as much LT merch everywhere
sprinkled around the house so every time
the camera pans there's LTT merch and
this guy's whing about how much LTT mer
I'm clothed by your company so I won
this at the Christmas party before lonus
says this is his I broke the power
switch when I assembled it and to open
this again is such a pain in the
freaking bum hole that instead of trying
to open it again I just pulled the wires
out and now I hot wire the PC to turn it
on and off the LTT was in that whole
b-roll frame I I'm not good with caps
mate you don't even take stuff that
you're going to use why did you shave
there is what all right why did he shave
this will be the video where I explain
it then I booked a Hydra facial what the
freak is a Hydra facial it's like a
facial treatment the point is that it
costs the same whether they just do half
of your face or whether they do your
whole face now I don't want to troll
origin but their systems not that cheap
there's no way you bought this no one a
Christmas party no wait is this one one
of those laptops that has the two power
bricks the two power bricks it weighs a
ton it's literally got like desktop
Hardware in it you know when you said
you were a gamer I thought you might
play somewhat more advanced games I
guess this makes sense though 3 years to
design screw driver I paid for that one
of those might be from the
office it was cheaper than buying a
server rack okay it works look this even
slides in an out you could have just
stolen one from work like everything
else I didn't steal anything from work
you found nothing from work that have
stolen not his phrasing you found
nothing from work that I've stolen ah we
found Kyle's games those were the kids
games upstairs I understand now wow no
wonder you need a gaming table uh
there's more there for all these
Miniatures that you haven't bothered to
paint the game's just as functional if
you just play with the gray ones right
yes eventually I'll paint it I've only
been in this house for about 40 minutes
and I've already heard I'll get to it
enough times to last an entire marriage
how how long did it take you to upgrade
your first house upgrade it yeah before
you employed the whole company to work
on your new one yeah it took a while I
mean you prioritize your own stuff this
is nice this was a Kickstarter actually
uh we needed a custom board gaming
solution and this is just steel frame
with shelves that you can change the
height this cost uh after shipping about
$1,300 it's a lot of money for a shot be
careful what I know no but this is
finished W it's finished w painstakingly
sanded and Polished I get it did I touch
anything okay listen bro but you like
let's go let's sand it yolo all the
freaking time with you can't do this
with this thing it took like two
freaking years let the record show how
carefully I lifted this without so much
as jostling it against anything else let
the record show of all the times lus has
dropped oh my how do you do that you
just let the record show okay that
they're not a lot lot of dings and
scratches on the stuff in my house I
know when to be careful with something
what are you talking about isn't there
massive goues in your
bedroom oh my that didn't sound
good this is a good time to explain how
this table came to be well when a daddy
tree loves a mommy tree oh pardon me
I've
uh but the record show it was not me who
dropped anything I what I was saying is
if it doesn't fit in the hole find a
different hole don't try and force it
into the hole
okay I I literally explained Kyle look
here have a seat I'm calm okay look I'm
com sit on your sit on your calmness
blanket no but I can't sit cuz my ass is
full of
stuff okay my back pockets are full of
stuff that's not better I have two SC if
you have a problem just get a colostomy
bag I got to be honest with you uh this
does not appear to be pre-tapped I don't
see place where this
goes oh yeah it doesn't go in there
sorry I'm going to have to take the L on
that one um no you need to put them in
this we no we can understand now that
it's very obvious when designing this
table I did what I always do I kind of
look for inspiration so I did a Google
search for what's already out there and
kind of came up with an amalgamation of
two that I really like I knew I wanted a
table that was a poke style table one
with a recess plane surface however I
like my tables to be multi-functional so
I I also wanted to have a system that I
can put on top very similar to the table
that we destroyed in the intro where you
could have a board game in the middle
and you can put the topper on top and
now have a normal dining room table now
the question is what do you do with that
topper when you're plane because if you
notice the big topper that lonus and
Elijah walked in earlier in the video
when we had to take it off the table it
needed two people and then we had to
like put it against the wall and was
awkward as flip so the first inspiration
was from a fow Canadian by the name of
caute gaming if I bushed the name
whatever they designed a system to house
the table toppers within the legs of the
table which is way better than just
throwing it on the floor now eventually
eventually I will have dividers that
will hold us in place you can see how
the actual slats rest yeah there'll be
three on this side and three on this
side you will have a perfect triangle in
between the three leaves from each side
so you're going to put a computer there
so I designed it with one computer in
here to slide
in okay but then I thought well the
other leg is going to be awfully lonely
so we may as well just make it
symmetrical and stick another one of
these on the other flipping
side huh nice legs thank you I work on
them every day what's the next piece
y ready yep oh it fell into one slot
that's not in mine you are not wrong
that's the nicest thing he's ever said
to me oh I numbered
it oh yeah that look pretty cool
hey nice
nice my gosh took me too long to get
these are uh six-sided dice right so if
you turn them if you turn them up like
on one of the things there's numbers do
that's why I thought they were dice do
you roll them like as a bottle Flip or
like a oh balls no can you have four and
L us have one please okay well here's
two no no I want no no oh my give him
number four you take number one that's
not number I think number one where's
your bathroom now is probably a good
time to talk about the hardware that's
holding everything together what we have
is these threaded inserts with these
horizontal bars that thread in to the
machine screw side of the threaded
insert then you face this d0 portion
upright and then you insert these into
something that rests over here then it
goes into all oh oh God I think the wood
took less damage than the ceiling you
could just have us move stuff and then
it just might not get damaged ooh got
him you put this inside the hole here
and just slide it in and it sits there
all that's needed is a grub screw inside
the top of this and it holds legendary
back Force machine screw not even even
holding it lt.com knock to a screwdriver
it's on there now now I need you to drop
these inside the big hole with the Holy
side facing the Audi side okay let me
check if it's the holy
side I guess we got it
nice I'm just going to do the other one
cuz this is going to be quicker called
parallelization maybe we would have
finished the screwdriver faster if You'
used it if I remember correctly someone
had a midlife crisis halfway through it
and made me redesign part of the fre
uh bit storage system sorry I have a lot
of pent up rage I don't like all this
fighting no it's good it's not real
fighting we're not really going to get
divorced that's what my last parents
said quick question for you were we
supposed to put the dowly things in on
some of them there's more holes drilled
that un needed what's your name
Elijah I put like five extra holes in
someone's wall what he's actually really
nice so ni such a nice guy otherwise
Elijah wouldn't have walked out of there
in one piece after what to his
don't move it is this a bad time for
another Madagascar
reference move it I like to move it move
it oh King
Julian that's not screwing in very
nicely what we need to do right now is
flip why are the two strong guys on one
side oh Lordy looks good thank you it's
at this spot what happened no if he sees
it he'll never unsee it I am going to
see it the second you move your hand
anyway he's standing there all day hey
sweetie we might need the the the the
that is a beautiful table thank you we
put it together oh I'm sure you worked
really hard yeah we did yeah I just he
giggling and swearing upstairs really
cuz the only person you were up there
with was uh the baby the last thing that
needs to happen is I need to put like a
million pocket screws all around the
bottom of the table to hold the rails to
the plywood you know that it's not a
pool table though right uh so why do you
need pocket screws there's no pockets
can't argue with that logic line is
Sebastian folks he'll be here all day
yeah I will there is way more extras
than just the table on float plane lm.
g/f flat plane go check it out basically
me Kyle and lonus kill each other for an
hour it's great I have a really
important question how are we going to
measure and Trace out on the fabric now
that you put the whole table together I
thought we were going to trace the
plywood onto the fabric uh that sounds
like a u problem it's your table it's a
u problem you'll figure it out my angel
you prob smart he seems stressed no I'm
fine I'm not stressed this is just my
does he have like a favorite meal or
something I'm fine our problem here is
that we don't have an edge that we can
trust like typically that's my crutch is
I'll just grab one that I can say okay
yeah this definitely straight but this
one is just ragged as hell I don't think
it's even going to fit under there yeah
that was him cutting it at work with a
random pair of scissors so that means we
are going from scratch ass balls
here what Kyle y I really hate to be
that guy what what's up but I genuinely
think that we should probably be popping
this off and the best way to tension
this is probably going to be to run the
screws through it why no why do you need
to tension it look at it yeah I'm
looking at
it this is something you knew already
isn't it we talked about it yeah you put
under and now it's fine oh I'm going to
just pick up my
cards here's what we're going to do
Elijah and I are going to go build some
computers and Kyle is going to undo a
lot of screws I was hoping to build the
computer today but he didn't finish the
table
so you decided I didn't to build the
camera Nick light did don't he suggested
it this is your video you had full thing
to be for fun we've decided to do this
as a challenge I'm going to be building
Kyle's machine while
30in builds Leon except I apparently
getting thrown a bit of a curveball
because I have to pull the AO cooler out
of Kyle's current PC and you just have
to build a computer yes also we both
have only this space to work that's fine
I call the table also curveball for You
Leon has some hard drives inside her
machine that she would like inside hers
nice he called Leon's machine this is
mine it was it has an asset tag for this
computer give it man these are nice
machines ryzen 7
7700x eight cores Zen 4 b650 I aorus
Ultra motherboard I got to say I'm
finding the size of these computers a
little confusing given that we're using
uh little tiny motherboards but shout
out Kyle shelis almost every other his
and hers element of these upgrades that
I've seen before she has gotten a like B
tier upgrade while he has kept the best
stuff for himself these are both the
same so far yeah I think they're both
the same throughout but we'll find out I
guess as we go see he's not all bad hear
that Kyle I have been downstairs 5
minutes and I think I've heard five
insults apparently I chose a more
powerful computer for me and then threw
my wi to the bus and got her some cheap
that's not what we who that's not what
it always said but thanks for admitting
it hey Kyle what kind of display did you
get was it a monitor or a projector
brother look I got the alien I got the
alien wear one that plof suck it what I
know what kind of display you got okay
then why did you ask cuz you're
projecting I don't know what that
means I don't see built computers why
don't you talk less and work more I
don't see a finished table that's your
fault that's your fault damn I didn't
know he got an oven as an upgrade cuz
you're getting roasted good choice of
ram though DDR 56000 cl32 well
configured system you got help with this
hey do you doubt my ability so much that
icon come up with a spec he did get help
didn't he no I didn't they also got the
990 Pro the 2 TB version in each of
these Kyle's is already pre-installed so
lonus has a bit of Advantage um but yeah
that's two terab for gaming that's
perfect now like that's a lot of storage
I really did draw the Short Straw here
in order to get this aiio out I have to
get out a whole bunch of stuff behind
this motherboard this computer is coming
completely apart speaking of Hardware he
paid for there is no way that this is
under budget what's under budget I'm
talking about that I don't think you're
within
budget which part which part the part
where you've got like two high-end
gaming PCs I thought I saw a 7900 series
GPU in one of them I can promise you
right now the computers are within
budget I paid for the entire board game
table myself ah okay that makes sense
see you later no please I just I
literally just paid for house cleaning
okay to be clear Kyle already had a
pretty decent machine ryzen 2600x 1080
TI it's just that the new stuff is a lot
better when I first got this upgrade I
was planning on Thunderbolt but learning
from this guy's mistakes I just plan to
do Straight optical cables so that's why
we have that optical cable and that's
why that panel is off the wall oh well
that panel's off the wall because I
haven't closed that panel from when I
got heat installed 3 years ago okay you
should have um said that it's off so we
can run cables yes it's off because we
can run cables so the other side of that
hole that we just shot comes out on the
other side of this wall so all we have
to do is run the cable
down across the floor to the computers
that will sit underneath the
table now it's time to figure out where
all these ssds are going to go hit Kyle
yep do you have three SSD slots on you
oh there's one on the back one on the
back and then I already have one SSD in
there and I believe one can go on the
underside of this carrier board oh God
he's trying really hard to contribute
right now he's doing good I mean I can
just go Kyle you are walking living
breathing content why do I feel like
you're um making content no shut the no
what's the what's the word when you
taking the piss no not taking um
patronize thank you that one I love
America okay well we we should I'm not
cutting it no no no no the last time I
cut this fabric put us in the situation
we're in right
now how's it going uh
um I don't want to say you're right just
yet I just was genuinely wondering how
it's going cuz check this out yeah
that's awesome that's literally exactly
what you want and now we don't even have
to get the cut perfect cuz we can just
have it you just hide all of it yeah how
are these cases to build in so far
they're triangular there is only one
case in the world that would fit the
exact design that I did and that's that
one what are you compensating for
nothing because um I have three kids so
it works obviously
did you test fit if you have enough 8
Pin power connectors for your graphics
card on this power supply yes we do well
I have different power supplies okay
let's use that one then before you use a
modular cable from one power supply on
another you need to make 100% damn good
andure that they use the same pin out
because otherwise you will destroy what
is on the other end of it which is why I
Austin check it RMI and axi do not use
the same pinout unfortunately fud um RMI
may be able to handle the high
transients of this thing though if I
have to extract the power supply then I
guess I will when you said did I test
fit everything it was just user error
cuz you could have moved that bracket a
little bit to the left but I'm saying if
you had test fitted it that bracket
would have already been moved yeah but I
moved it on that one but not this one
cuz I haven't built on this one don't
blame the fact that you don't know how
to use the case on me did you read the
manual it's in Chinese but did you read
it I'm not an but it's funny
would you guys talking smack about me
while I was downstairs we didn't
actually please cut to the part where
were talking smack about how ECT these
two machines shout out Kyle these are
both the same so far I can't wait till
he watches this video I know for his
wife system we have the RX 7800 XT in
this case it actually mounts vertically
along this side here so he did give her
the worst system oh that's true pretty
sure I saw 7900 XTX in his I guess okay
for the difference in price they could
have both gotten XTS but no he had to
have the topof the line I see how it is
I take back all the nice things I said
before my wife doesn't do as much gaming
as I do maybe she'd game more if she had
a decent GPU hey Glenn if you want to
see Power Supply D pinning it's really
cool just kidding it sucks 4 to eight
yep all right rock on we just made this
cable work you see this oh my God what
do you have a c19 power cable are you
fing kidding me all right I have a 1250
watt in my old case I'll just bring it
up
what you're joking it's 10 years old oh
it's it's an FXX power supply when FX
XFX when they still used to be a thing
which is why I didn't want to use it
okay this power supply might be 13 years
old but this thing freaking slaps it's
80 plus gold 1,50 WTS it's actually not
even that big like it's that much
shorter than the 1500 watt that I just
pulled out of here and it's got a hybrid
fan mode thing it C Sonic made here's
something cool remember when we did that
video on that super cool Honeywell PTM
7950 thermal pad material that was like
a thermal pad that performed better than
thermal paste well guess what we got in
touch with the distributor this is
actually Kyle's doing and we are going
to be selling at this right on LT store
half of that half of this okay L it
would be a little bit too expensive ah
got it anyway we're also going to be
selling individual 60x 60 pads if you
don't want to cut it and when I say 60 I
mean 60 mm but basically we're going to
have a legit source for this stuff
that's actually somewhat reasonably
priced for a change so you can use this
super cool thermal pad material I cut it
way too big oh my goodness for your CPU
I cannot for the life of me figure out
how to peel these stupid thermal pads
anymore pouring it in your fridge for at
least a couple of hours before you begin
what it's too warm it's a phase change
material and it's too liquidy right
now oh yes yes yes yes yes yes yes okay
face
change you want to see if it posts post
it you're the host with the most post
then we shall call you
Malone hey posted man this thing is even
easy to Cable manage in too cuz like you
just hide everything behind your sexy
graphics card yep so easy all right
we're booting it three two
that's a positive sign three drives
let's
go dude these are heavy so this is it
this is it final form baby it's rock
solid man so um just across the hallway
or yeah it's just over the floor like no
no I just mean in the long run probably
just across the floor and just put like
a stepping pad or something um any other
ideas I realized that this is a little
late for me to be coming to this
realization but these computers being in
the table serves no purpose at all no
you could just as easily Huck them in
the network closet and then you'd
achieve all the same absolutely noise
and and cooling benefits UPS absolutely
but how cool is it to have two computers
in a ball gaming table actually I take
that back we play DND d a lot and even
though we play in person we use an
online program to move the characters
around a company called wormwood makes
pretty much the exact same top I reverse
engineered the top from videos they made
of how they build it so you ripped it
off kind of I reverse engineered it I so
you ripped it off I got so close that we
found out we're in breach of a patent
that they just
filed in my defense they hadn't done the
patent when I started this project it's
been fairly recent so we reached out to
them and they were good sports and
because this for personal use they were
okay with it okay and they were even
kind enough to send over what I consider
in my humble opinion to be the main
reason why I chose the top is the
ability to have magnetic attachable
accessories okay now you obviously don't
want water where you're gaming right
obviously that would be
stupid oh you want to you want to move
it
oh okay that's pretty cool you want it
on the inside no problem
and to show you how close I got to their
design this is from
them this is really cool yep but doesn't
explain why we need a computer in the
table so because we play D and D online
we each need screens I see so you know
how you did your car and you have those
USBC powered screens yes I'm going to
embed those into wood play surfaces have
them magnet into the table and run the
USBC connector into Mr USBC over here
won't you work on that one but you can
plug it into the back of the GPU or the
back of the GPU yes yeah obviously
that's not going to happen now right
because the technology doesn't
exist I will figure out a way and then
we can talk about it but right now
they're going to the table because
they're going to look sick cool okay
that looks awesome though I'm going to
take some monitors and new peripherals
and I'm going to install them upstairs
sounds good that's a good idea see you
later bye I found Kyle's new monitors
but I'm not really sure what the
configuration is supposed to be
yes so you need that as your secondary
even though you have a 34in Ultra wide
qdo Leed yeah absolutely this is a 165
165 when you overclock it yes oh okay
pretty sick monitor what games do you
guys play together uh what's that game
called where you B Gate 3 no I play
Boulders gate takes two yeah it takes
two play it takes two it only took me
two guesses we uh play Minecraft
together these are these systems are a
little overpowered for it takes two in
Minecraft that's fair um I used to play
WoW before my guild it's a little
overpowered for wow can you tell me
something you're going to run that
justifies the 7900 XTX do
maternal cyberp Punk cuz that's not
optimized I mean are you going to play
it no got to love that AMD money it's
just got to flex it man for the past few
weeks I haven't been playing games I've
been building board game tables yeah I
spend a lot more time setting up my
gaming setup than gaming these days I
get it it's been a while since I've
looked at one of these I'm sure I can
figure out how to put it together 3440
by
1440 165 Herz this thing's awesome
though thousand nits Peak brightness HDR
the only problem for Kyle is that this
is the kind of monitor that until you've
seen it you don't really feel like I
don't really need that you know right
but she's going to be right next to it
seeing it I think he's going to end up
with two bro not all over my new screen
I have kids they don't use this keyboard
yeah they
do these are super cool we have had
quite a few people ask us hey we've seen
you use Optical display port and Optical
HDMI cables to run a long-distance
display a lot of times but what about
usb these are for mono Price It's called
The Blackbird 4K and this one will do up
to 50 m over a cat 5V cable and then all
you got to do is plug in power at both
ends and it'll carry up to four usb2
devices so that's perfect for mice and
keyboards and things like that even
though it isn't going to have the kind
of speed that you would would want for
say you know a USB external SSD of
course I mean Kyle do you even need that
up here or this is just for gaming this
is just for gaming then who cares wiggle
the cable no not too much just Wile oh
good job pull okay I got it I got it
thanks thanks thanks stop stop okay stop
good job Dad we're
ready
dad oh you know what he does need us to
do though he needs us to see if that
monitor turns on if you guys see
anything turn on on there then you're
going to shout it's working okay hey we
have one working computer let's go all I
had to do was be the one who touched it
oh wait wait wa hold on hold on hold on
I see I see a crime being committed over
here I'm actually in the building and
someone other than me is reading the
ABCs of gaming for bedtime story am I
allowed to read it no all right we'll
let your mom do it then is yes how many
more minutes that do I need your dad for
yeah not so long that he can't come up
and tuck you in okay deal yeah okay you
read I can read okay okay okay B is for
button pushing these is fun to do which
one's blue do you know good job we've
determined that it's probably a GPU
driver issue right now on Elijah's
machine because Kyle didn't run ddu so
he's got both amds drivers and uh their
friendly competitor so we're doing a
proper driver install and we're pretty
sure that once that's done
we're ready to go but hey look at this
all three displays are lit and listen to
that no noise besides my
Ser why is that there I haven't move it
downstairs yeah I I'm not not now later
this looks amazing is this just staged
for b-roll and all that yeah pretty
pretty much well it's going to look
freaking awesome I can't believe how
this setup turned out we got the
computers in they're on the rails the
finish on the wood looks am amazing the
accessories just pop on and off oh man
speaking of pop that red surface turned
out absolutely perfect I can't believe
how well it goes with the table and
while the cable management to the
upstairs might need a little work
there's no denying the results that is a
night and day difference up there we've
got dual monitors on Kyle set up with a
3440 by 1440 QD OLED and I mean what is
still a pretty sick gaming monitor a
secondary man does HDR look good on this
thing and even Leon's machine in spite
of being a hand me- down special looks
and performs awesome so thank you so
much AMD this ultimate Tech upgrade
might have been a bit of a
SLO but we got through it and look
neither of us is dead yeah I
mean we might have
lost if you guys enjoyed this video
check out one of our other AMD ultimate
Tech upgrades uh maybe atams if you
enjoy the chaotic energy